Eccs require createuser scopes (#144)
cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core: encryption-service/README.md

make docker-up
```
This will start local instances of CockroachDB and MinIO and connect a dockerized version of the

> Encryption Service to these. To create and obtain an admin token, run either `create-admin` or `docker-create-admin`, 
> depending on your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption Service to these. To create and obtain an admin token, run `make docker-create-admin`.
```
And let's add a similar sentence with `make create-admin` to the "Standalone" section above.

Author: agreed, fixed
